Ye Zhen, you're not done, are you?
Sucho, you came uninvited today.
Come to my party to make trouble
And pretend to be a ghost and say what tricks I did
Now it's not so easy to walk away
Hmph, what's coming at me?
Don't bully my granddaughter-in-law
Grandma, my engagement with Ah Jin
It was personally decided by the head of the Shen family
The entire court knows
Break the contract now
Didn't you mean to take the face of our Ye family?
Humph
I only know that only Su Qiao can marry into my Shen family
What are you doing?
Hurry up and arrest this bitch Suqiao for me
I see who dares
Wait for me to step back
Grandpa is this shrinking bridge
He didn't just make trouble at our party
He slandered me.
What? I gassed the old lady
He is deliberately slandering our Ye family
You shut up